

Document Title : Comments: Obama and Republicans search for a deal on U.S. fiscal impasse | Reuters
Total Comments : 167
Comment # 1
The T’Rxpublicans are checkmated to the detriment of all other Republicans. Obama as usual is playing a masters strategy that won him the President. I ask, would have Harry Reid been able to control the Senate without keeping the filibuster in play! Have not the Republicans figured it out, no moves left except hat in hand abducation. Delay will only put USA in jeopardy.
Comment # 2
A newly married man, in some difficulty with his wife, asked an astroleger when his troubles would be over. The astroleger told him to wait for seven and a half years. Anxiously the guy asked again: “Will everything be all right then?” “No, you will get used to them!” replied the astroleger. Nothing will come out of the discussion. We will be back in square one.
Comment # 3
A newly married man, in some difficulty with his wife, asked an astroleger when his troubles would be over. The astroleger told him to wait for seven and a half years. Anxiously the guy asked again: “Will everything be all right then?” “No, you will get used to them!” replied the astroleger. Nothing will come out of the discussion. We will be back in square one.
Comment # 4
Obama and the Dems should accept a proposal only if it puts ALL gov’t workers back to work asap after it’s signed, and only if it provides them back pay for the entire time they were laid off by the GOP!
Comment # 5
Give me everything I want, then I will give you a chance to maybe talk to me. But I am willing to negotiate , after I get everything I want first. If you cant figure this out, you are beyond help!!
Comment # 6
Best comment on the web so far regarding the shutdown: Why are those people not working, when the Congress already agreed to pay them for their time away from work?? Typical unthinking, illogical, stupid government leadership. Who had this bright idea??
Comment # 7
dumbmechanic: You can try to blame Obama all you want, but fortunately this time the Republicans failed at their attempt to fool the public. There was one crucial flaw in their plan: You don’t mess around with the full faith and credit of the United States. The American people get this. These was nothing for Obama to negotiate. You don’t hold our economy hostage to try to force minority positions on the majority. I’m flabbergasted that they thought they could get away with this. But they tried because of people like you who encourage them to pull these stunts because you believe anything they tell you. Huge mistake. Roughly half of all Republicans are incapable of understanding that defaulting on our debt obligations will hurt the economy. That’s scary. What it brings to mind is the same naivete that had most Republicans believing that Saddam Hussein was behind the 9/11 attacks, that Saddam had stockpiles of WMDs, that al Qaeda was working out of Iraq with Saddam, and that we needed to invade and occupy Iraq. Republicans are untrustworthy. They’re too gullible, and their party leaders know this, and take full advantage of it. They were ready to sink our economy! Keep the Republicans away from decision making.
Comment # 8
Dumbmech: You are seeing what community organizers do. Too bad your awareness comes so late in the game. McCain, Palin, Romney and Ryan were never even remotely up for the challenge of matching wits with Obama – Boehner isn’t fit to polish Obama’s shoes and the tea party just maneuvered itself to the road to oblivion and those fools probably don’t see it yet.
Comment # 9
Obama is a product of Northern practical values, first defined by Boston’s elite. Noblesse oblige. Accept change that’s in the service of God. If the machine breaks, fix it or get a new one. Right now the political machine is creaking along, badly in need of oil, but he can’t very well allow it to stop altogether. The Tea Party (not the GOP as a whole) represent the Cavalier values of the South. There is a natural aristocracy among men and it’s measured in dollars made. Protect women. Stick with your family. And never, ever, allow yourself to be dishonored by defeat. They’re finding it hard to yield because if they do it will look like a defeat. Maybe Obama should give them the medical device tax in return for a legally binding agreement that no further fights will take place over which programs are or aren’t budgeted, and no threats ever to the debt ceiling. It’s not a matter of partisanship. Imagine a President Rand Paul facing an outraged, well-funded, powerful Democratic minority in the House that simply refuses to keep the government running unless President Paul does just what they say.
Comment # 10
obama is a tool. he’s been shown to be the fraud he is in pretty much every circumstance that’s come up. this guy isn’t even qualified enough to shine most prior president’s shoes (well maybe him and carter can fight for that job). what an embarrassment to america. is this guy’s 2nd term over yet?
Comment # 11
@dumbmechanic: You can say it more simply: GOP: “Cut taxes, Cut handouts, make millionaires billionaires and all the rest can go to dogs.” President: “Come what may, I will not budge a bit from supporting Obamacare or paying my bills.” Choose yourself.
Comment # 12
From the comments here it seems that many Americans are blinded by their political alignment; blindly following the party spin no matter what the facts are. It seems to me that he game is nearly up, no matter what is done. Obama’s position will simply take the problem into the future to unravel and the Republican position will see it unravel now. So if you’re a Republican why wouldn’t you try to force the issue now whilst it not on your “watch”. It seems clear enough that the US no longer has the ability to service its debts other than with more debt, even when interest rates are next to zero, so let Obama have the raised debt ceiling. It will be interesting to see who’s crazy enough to keep on buying American debt.
Comment # 13
This “crisis” was created by the failure of partisan politicos to work collaboratively. This has been an ongoing dysfunctional situation since the Clinton era. Extremists from both parties shanghaiing the process to stand on principles that the majority of people would find untenable. Our country needs a Constitutional convention to revise the entire political landscape in DC. No more career politicians, no more influence pedaling, and above all two or three more viable political parties to represent the vast majority of our citizens, who I believe to be moderate. We now have two parties neither of which I would choose to register as being a member of. Grandstanding on principles while in the real world the financial markets dictate what really will come to pass. Both of these parties are playing citizens for fools while tap dancing with each other while there is real work to be done on critical issues affecting the future of this world. Washington is a cesspool and the biggest turds are those whose financial influence are the strings from which our pre-selected elected officials dangle as the stars in a perversely deceptive pantomime of no real meaning. Demand term limits, demand sane drawing of districts to eliminate non-representative extremists from having a disproportionate influence on the legislature. Make election outcomes not be simply determined by the amount of money raised. Kick corporate influence out of the election process. Brinsmanship is not the sign of a stable nation. Our elected officials seem to not be able to govern with any sense of stability,collaboration, or regard for the benefit/welfare of the majority of it’s citizens. It’s as though they here the siren call to head our ship of state into one dangerous reef after another with us the people to believe that they are not able to cooperate and steer a course that keeps us not only afloat but steadily making progress. So much resource, time, capital squandered for so little of substance. Deception rules the day and we have become a nation largely at odds with our governance yet parlalyzed by how to change for the better for the common good
Comment # 14
Rich_F: If you hadn’t allowed yourself to be blinded by your ideology and your hatred of Obama, you’d understand that the only people who think Obama is an embarrassment to America is your fellow rightwing zealots. The rest of this country and the rest of the world doesn’t think that way at all. Actually, the rest of the country and the world think it’s America’s radical conservatives who are embarrassing the United States, and that’s putting it mildly. It really goes much further than that. Most of the world can see that America’s conservatives are a pretty docile, poorly educated group that is easily led around by the nose and is so recklessly ideological that your existence is a detriment to the world’s economy and environment. I know it’s impossible to break through your ideological shell, but your belief doesn’t affect the facts: America’s conservatives are a minority that is strongly disrespected worldwide and most people throughout the world believe we and they would be better off if you guys just went away. Unfortunately, that’s not likely to happen and so your unintellectual, reckless behavior will have a detrimental impact on this country and the world and all Americans will be judged harshly because of your actions. People around the world can’t believe that the US Republicans would be willing to shut down the government and force us to default just to prevent all Americans from having access to affordable healthcare, something the rest of the developed world has. Yes, they think you’re nuts. So go ahead and continue you invidious rants against our President. It looks particularly ridiculous coming on the heels of the Republican President George W. Bush tenure, a US President that all the world is very familiar with.
Comment # 15
“The fact that we are here today to debate raising America’s debt limit is a sign of leadership failure. It is a sign that the US Government cannot pay its own bills. It is a sign that we now depend on ongoing financial assistance from foreign countries to finance our Government’s reckless fiscal policies. Increasing America’s debt weakens us domestically and internationally. Leadership means that, ‘the buck stops here.’ Instead, Washington is shifting the burden of bad choices today onto the backs of our children and grandchildren. America has a debt problem and a failure of leadership. Americans deserve better.” ~ Senator Barack H. Obama, March 2006
Comment # 16
Well, the Republicans are melting away from Obamacare. I was hoping they would hold out but once again the tyrant rules. It appears we are quickly changing to a one party system then we can refer to Barak as Dictator.
Comment # 17
this all is just because of Israel. America should leave Israel
Comment # 18
After the latest poll where the Republicans have taken a beating Boner is ready to cut a deal asap before the damage gets any worse – unfortunately the deed is done and we will be hearing more over the months as the fallout in so many lives become obvious.
Comment # 19
@wpete we had a debt problem in 2006 but it was solved by Obama. Now we are so rich that we can provide free health care to everyone with no question asked… Funny how democracy works. We gave a DUI POTUS two terms, fell in love with someone who openly lied about NSA PRISM’s existence, now entertain dramas that end in kicking the same can down the road.
Comment # 20
@denburned “Our country needs a Constitutional convention to revise the entire political landscape in DC. No more career politicians, no more influence pedaling, and above all two or three more viable political parties to represent the vast majority of our citizens, who I believe to be moderate. We now have two parties neither of which I would choose to register as being a member of.” 1) Non consecutive Representative terms both Federal and State. 2) Graduated Nationalized Income Tax controled by the FED to stailize curency supply and value. (Search morbas comments) 3) End geographic districting with each state. Vote for any one representative candidate. (Search morbas comments) 4) End filibuster, a very anti democratic entity. 5) Proclaim separation of State and Corporation. morbas(i)
Comment # 21
Benburned, your post makes a lot of sense, except for: “This Extremists from both parties shanghaiing the process to stand on principles that the majority of people would find untenable.” Precisely which DEM principles do the MAJORITY of Americans find untenable? I cannot think of one. otoh, I can list many for the GOP: 1) unlimited donations to political candidates = free speech; 2) guns for all, sane or not = freedom; 3) you have to bear those babies even if you cannot support them = individual responsibility; 4) our gov’t should declare sodomy a crime, even that between married couples = separation of church and state; 5) the lords’ stealing from the vassals = progress; 6) the blacks stealing from the whites = reason to stop and search every minority for any reason….I could go on for hours.
Comment # 22
I hope that house speaker holds the line and doesn’t give an inch. The affordable health care act is unsustainable and should be taken out completely along with most of the entitlement programs that allow the leaches to drain the life blood of this once great nation the united states.
Comment # 23
Er…has “shuttered much of the US government.” Much? I’m sure the shutdowns were under 20%. I don’t know how many times I’ve seen
Comment # 24
Repugnicans = Obstructionists = Dead ducks in 2014.
Comment # 25
That’s a pretty euphoric headline.
Comment # 26
Yogahelps2, I’ll start by saying that I support most of the social agenda of the democratic platform. That being said, I can’t stand the never-ending social welfare that they constantly dream up and dole out. I can’t tell you the amount of times I’ve seen people use a bridge card to purchase alcohol and cigarettes. Good use of tax money. Also, I think that their immigration policies toward people from Mexico/Central America are a joke. Giving special treatment in regards to immigration because, “Well, they’re already here” is a disgrace. Why we would go out of our way tp acknowledge and help people who knowingly and willingly broke the law while other actual citizens struggle in day to day life is a mystery. Neither party has anybody’s interests truly at heart and when people finally realize that maybe something can actually be done.
Comment # 27
I didn’t read the article but i will tell what the best deal for now is , in return for the house of Reps. raising the debt ceiling for 1 year the president/H.Reid agree to pass through the senate and sign the individual spending bills that House Republicans have been pushing with the agreement ( in this scenario most of gov. would continue as is ) to negotiate on the CR to reopen gov. as a whole . The one year extension would give the space to fight that out in as bloody a fashion as they please without crossing that Rubicon .
Comment # 28
Thanks for CAVING Rinos. Enjoy your remaining time in office, ‘cuz you ain’t getting voted back in. No spiney, no votey.
Comment # 29
Many People are confused as what was Boner pitching for. Seems he was not fighting for any principle, but for just to be in limelight. Anyway, Obama proved he is a smart politician. Now he will get what he wants without any string attached. As far as Boner is concerned, His political career will be over soon.
Comment # 30
The problem here is that Republicans want to cut Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, Obamacare, Head Start, federal subsidies for education, food stamps – in other words, every government program that benefits the elderly, the young, and the poor – in favor of lower taxes for the wealthy and (still shrinking) middle class AND essentially no cuts to defense – in other words, everything that benefits Big Business and the 1%. Americans deliberately re-elected Obama last year and put a Democratic majority into the Senate. Americans have swamped the servers that host the Obamacare sign-up web sites. Americans have voted with ballot boxes and they are now voting with their feet. Yes, there are many Americans who vote for Republicans because they do not want to participate financially in our larger society. However, it is clear from the events of the past year that *most* Americans are now leaning towards the progressive social values of the Democratic party because they have finally seen the destructiveness of Republican economic policy. Liberals are not stupid. At least, there not as stupid as the Republicans wished they were. This country, this world, is dying from the effects of laissez-faire capitalism. People are waking up to the follies of conservative politics. Change is coming. Obama has just said “No” to this Republican temper tantrum called shutdown, and *most* Americans are backing him and his Democrats. Change is in the air, swirling around the planet, and Republicans will soon become political dinosaurs…
Comment # 31
I hope the republ-ocrats realize how pi$$ed there voter base is.
Comment # 32
@UrDrighten – respectfully, you’re giving too much credit to Obama and the Democrats. They got elected due to the financial fiascos that came to a head in 2008 whose causes stem from bungling by both parties and muddled thinking. Government is extremely bloated and needs a crash diet. We’re not the Soviet Union.
Comment # 33
The Democrat’s have given some solid deficit reduction ideals but rejected all of them. All the Republicans want to do is cut aid to the poor. How about cutting aid to the farmers, or foreign aid or cut from the military. Why is it the poor always get the shaft. NAFTA sent jobs the poor can do, with the promises better jobs would come. All I see is white collar jobs being replaced with blue collar jobs, and they are not even paying the same as the jobs they replace. I am a peaceful man but one has to look at 1917 Russia and wonder how long the poor will take this lying down.
Comment # 34
Great, more borrowing as the “solution”. They only went and spent $5 BILLION on the eve of shutdown. Balance the budget already! Stop spending money we don’t have for ends that are NOT our own. I am so tired of the political-self-interest and back-dealings. It’s getting to the point where a clean slate is going to be the best option. “The alternate domination of one faction over another, sharpened by the spirit of revenge, natural to party dissension, which in different ages and countries has perpetrated the most horrid enormities, is itself a frightful despotism. But this leads at length to a more formal and permanent despotism. The disorders and miseries which result gradually incline the minds of men to seek security and repose in the absolute power of an individual; and sooner or later the chief of some prevailing faction, more able or more fortunate than his competitors, turns this disposition to the purposes of his own elevation, on the ruins of public liberty.” ~George Washington
Comment # 35
loch wrote: The affordable health care act is unsustainable and should be taken out completely along with most of the entitlement programs that allow the leaches to drain the life blood of this once great nation the united states. What loch and his fellow Republicans never mention is the corporate leeches that drain the life blood of the U.S. They never say that corporate welfare should be cut off. General Electric, one of the richest corporations in the world, doesn’t pay a dime in taxes and they get government subsidies on top of it. What the Republicans don’t mention is that they want to take money away from the poor and middle class and transfer that wealth to the rich and big business. They want two classes of people in this country, the working poor and the rich. The Republicans are a party of, by and for the rich and of, by and for Corporate America.
Comment # 36
@cleansesociety – I like your “nom de blog”. You are right. We do need to cleanse society – of the fiscal conservative lackeys of Big Business. This is the 21st century. We require an infrastructure not even imagined by the Founding Fathers, and we must provide for the needs of those whose jobs have either been sent overseas or are undercompensated by low minimum wages and the lack of employer-funded medical care and livable retirement plans. A small government is adequate for a small, pre-industrial society. A small government is the tool for turning a large, highly technological society into a third-world service economy. Ayn Rand’s philosophy only works in her novels.
Comment # 37
UrDrighten – The US has a highly managed economy, and has been that way for over 100 years. You may not agree with laissez-faire capitalism, but to blame it for our current problems only displays ignorance.
Comment # 38
@ UrDrighten- You would be living a miserable life if it were not for the “effects of the laissez-faire capitalism”. Capitalism has been around this world for centuries. You should do a little research on what capitalism means and consider what it has done for your life, both good and bad. You should also do a little more research than just watching MSNBC before you try to state what Republicans stand for.
Comment # 39
tell Barry to sod-off!
Comment # 40
Obama and the leftist politicians and their lemming followers are the true enemy of a once great nation. Continued destruction yet they seem to keep driving down the same road that has put us here.
Comment # 41
Now now boys if you don’t start playing nice we will give you a time out.And that time out will start in Nov 2014 when you will no longer be aloud to play at all.
Comment # 42
@Flashrooster: You stated the following to Rich_F…”Rich_F: If you hadn’t allowed yourself to be blinded by your ideology and your hatred of Obama…”. @Flashrooster, you seem to miss the point. Rich_F hates you, and probably a large part of everything you stand for. Obama is just your most visible public face. The growing list of irreconcilable differences on key fundamental issues between you and “them” will play / is playing out via secessionist movements to form new states…in the best case near term scenario. Allow democracy for all…just like the US supports other democracy-driven secessionist movements around the world. I observe one thing @Flashrooster: Roughly 50% of Americans probably disagree with most of what you support, and a much smaller, but highly vocal group would probably genuinely hate you because of it. This is your reality @Flashrooster. Deal with it as a sober adult…fanning flames of hatred is a bad idea.
Comment # 43
4825: It hasn’t been laissez-faire capitalism that has best served the world; it’s been managed capitalism. Laissez-faire capitalism, or unregulated capitalism, is what led to the financial meltdown of 2007-2008. It’s what has led to the gross disparities in wealth distribution that the United States and, increasingly, the rest of the world has been experiencing. Managed capitalism is what the United States practiced from the 1940s through the 1970s. It proved to be the ne plus ultra of economic systems. Then people got greedy, organized under the umbrella name the Business Roundtable, and began their insidious takeover of our government. Their takeover is almost complete. The rich continue to get richer while everyone else is sinking. http://finance.yahoo.com/blogs/daily-ticker/more-proof-rich-getting-richer-poor-poorer-154916333.html;_ylt=A2KJ3CbKDlhS7E4AMa6TmYlQ
Comment # 44
@UrDrighten – yea my screen name sounds a tad ominous. That was not my intent at all. Tried to change it, but wasn’t able to. If you want a bigger piece of the pie – Make more pie (I always say).
Comment # 45
@flashrooster You’re right, the Republicans are doing exactly what people like dumb mechanic voted for. Let’s remember House members represent the will of their constituents, not the country as a whole. If they won their election promising to defund Obamacare, then they are doing exactly what people in their districts sent them to do. I’m sure you believe in Obama’s “mandate” given his reelection in 2012. It’s the same concept here. You may disagree with tactics, but this is how our government works.
Comment # 46
Guys ~ If you want to fix yourself, become a Buddhist. If you want to fix the world, become a Marxist. Owning vast amounts of expensive consumer goods does not make life worthwhile, nor does it make one an “important person”. Eliminating suffering and the causes of suffering makes life worthwhile. Millions of people are suffering on account of the “blessings” of capitalism. And for the record, I NEVER watch any cable news channels. I read US and foreign newspapers for several hours each day. Namo Amida Butsu and Long Live the Revolution!
Comment # 47
Guys ~ If you want to fix yourself, become a Buddhist. If you want to fix the world, become a Marxist. Owning vast amounts of expensive consumer goods does not make life worthwhile, nor does it make one an “important person”. Eliminating suffering and the causes of suffering makes life worthwhile. Millions of people are suffering on account of the “blessings” of capitalism. And for the record, I NEVER watch any cable news channels. I read US and foreign newspapers for several hours each day. Namo Amida Butsu and Long Live the Revolution!
Comment # 48
benburned wrote of the need to revise the Constitution, but consider this: the framers expected that powers granted would be powers exercised. For example, granting the President the power to command the military carries with it the expectation that he will do so. Now read the last paragraph of Article 8 (Powers granted to Congress): “To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.” In other words, the mandate to fund the Government is not only granted to, but also expected of, the Congress. All that we need is a mechanism to impeach those who impede the constitutional mandate.
Comment # 49
Hilarious how these Tea Party dittoheads think Obama is making such extraordinary demands, when all the only thing he wants is: 1) The government to function. 2) Congress to pay the bills for spending THEY authorized. 3) A law that’s been approved by all three branches of government to go into effect, one that voters overwhelmingly voted NOT to repeal. What a tyrant! What a dictator!
Comment # 50
People vote “EVERY #INCUMBENT OUT of D.C.” It will fix the problem for generations to come. Vote anybody but against the sitting politicians.
Comment # 51
People vote “EVERY #INCUMBENT OUT of D.C.” It will fix the problem for generations to come. Vote anybody but against the sitting politicians.
Comment # 52
Every #teaparty person should watch documentry made by a #billionar. It is called – One Percent
Comment # 53
Every #teaparty person should watch documentry made by a #billionar. It is called – One Percent
Comment # 54
flashrooster – Subprime and housing subsidies lead to the financial meltdown, compounded by Alan Greenspan’s low interest rate policies. With the creation of the SEC and the Fed, it’s a big stretch to say we’ve had anything resembling laissez-faire capitalism since.
Comment # 55
‘Congress urgently works’……………. A classic oxymoron if there ever was one. Our Congress, lika a cancer, has raged out out of control. It must be stripped of its power to destroy our way of life. VOTE THE BUMS OUT BEFORE IT’S TOO LATE.
Comment # 56
When you pass a law however, you can’t pick and choose after the fact who and when certain individuals or groups are subject to the law…it’s for everyone. Why is it so important to raise the debt ceiling now? Obama voted against it when he was a senator. It’s the old story of “I don’t like you, so I’m taking my ball and going home” and believe me when I say I believe both sides of the aisle are playing the game rather well at the expense of the rest of us.
Comment # 57
Flashrooster: Good morning. I give up on our government and fully believe it comes down to every man, woman and child for themselves. How can any one of us stop career politicians, lobbyists or big business interests from “tainting” our Republic/Democracy? We the people lost our ability many years ago to maintain a functioning government for the people elected by the people. There’s only a forced “dictatorship” upon Obama and regardless of what any of us think about his choices for a brighter economic future for America without a functioning Congress all that’s left is one man’s vision for us all. Do you disagree?
Comment # 58
Back-pay for days you never worked? That’s not a furlough, that’s added vacation time. That’s the shutdown that costs more than not shutting down. Good work, tea party geniuses.
Comment # 59
Talks underway for ending tea party shutdown. Michele Bachmann spray paints John Bohner’s car. “Cheater will pay!!!” Good times in Jerry Springer GOP.
Comment # 60
A landmark failure for Cruz and his Tea Party Terrorists.
Comment # 61
Remember the game Monopoly? It’s really easy to win when you are the banker and can just take money to spend when the other players aren’t paying attention.
Comment # 62
Patently absurd. If there are 30 flame throwers in GOP then there are 205 that now claim belatedly they they are not total anarchists. That is certainly the majority of the majority. Put the clean CR on the floor Bonehead before we ship you to the safe house the Seals tried to take in Somalia.
Comment # 63
just a group of liers.
Comment # 64
Lemming: I’m not sure what you mean by, “There’s only a forced “dictatorship” upon Obama and regardless of what any of us think about his choices for a brighter economic future for America without a functioning Congress all that’s left is one man’s vision for us all.” I certainly don’t see Obama as a dictator, if that’s what you’re suggesting. Surely, if he was a dictator would we be talking about any kind of government impasse? Not in a dictatorship. If Obama were a dictator, I do believe taxes would be somewhat higher on the wealthiest individuals and a lot of corporate loopholes would be closed. We’d also most likely have a single payer healthcare system, rather than the Affordable Care Act, or at least have a public insurance option. But if Obama were a dictator then everything would change because it would have a corrupting influence on his thinking, so we really don’t know what he’d do as a dictator. One thing we can be sure of. He wouldn’t be wasting time fooling around with Congress’s childish game playing. The government wouldn’t be shut down and Congress wouldn’t be in a position to threaten a national default. The problem that’s gripping all aspects of our government is that corporate America is exerting too much influence. They’re using our government as a tool to make themselves richer and it’s left most Americans without representation. We need to return our government back to the people. To do that we need to end the corrupting influence of special interest money. As it is now, any individual or organization with enough money can offer that money to a politician in return for legislation that will ultimately make the special interest richer. Politicians comply. If they don’t, then they will lose their seat to someone who does, someone better funded by special interest groups. So we need publicly financed elections; we need to end the revolving door practice that allows politicians to pass legislation that favors some industry or corporation in return for a lucrative job when the politician leaves office; and we need to ban gerrymandering and replace it with a redistricting process that is fair and equitable, that will best represent the most people.
Comment # 65
AlkalineState wrote: “Back-pay for days you never worked? That’s not a furlough, that’s added vacation time. That’s the shutdown that costs more than not shutting down. Good work, tea party geniuses.” I was thinking about that as I drove to work this morning. Republicans are trying to pass all these piecemeal bills the reopen national parks, continue pay for military service members and their families, provide back pay for furloughed workers, etc. All of these are admirable things in and of themselves, but all they are doing is trying to is restore the functions of the government they shut down! Why not just open it up so you don’t have to legislate and micromanage every single little thing? Of course, the only things they seem to want to withhold funding from are those “bloated government regulatory agencies”, like FDA food inspectors, the Center for Disease Control, the Nuclear Regulatory Commission safety regulators… You know, just those things that prevent us from getting salmonella in our food, provide up-to-date flu vaccines, and ensure that our nuclear power plants aren’t about to go into meltdown. Who needs that anyway!
Comment # 66
it is disgusting what Howard Schultz is doing with STARBUCKS ON ALL OF THIS, Starbucks has now decided that all Starbucks will be petition gatherers for the Democrat Party, a Republican or independent may never go to another Starbucks again,
Comment # 67
Men, every last one of them. Let’s hope this is the end of the Gross Old Pigs.
Comment # 68
We’ll have to to a un-wind the fed goverment bloat if the economy (thus the US) is going to survive. This does need to be done with a sense of urgency.
Comment # 69
“GOP in final negotiations on ending failed tea party shutdown” Vows it will not budge until Obama is baptized in a clan church and ‘birth certificate issue’ is resolved.
Comment # 70
If our Congress were paid on their performance, how would they fare? I think they would be owing us money instead of pocketing whatever. If they had done any work during the year, we wouldn’t be in this mess.
Comment # 71
bates148: Two points: 1) the House does not adequately represent the people. More people are voting Democrat than Republican, yet thanks to gerrymandering the Republicans control the House. So the will of the majority is being thwarted. You can see this in the polls. A majority of the people do not approve of the extortionist tactics currently being employed by the GOP. Which brings me to point 2 2) You say, “You may disagree with tactics, but this is how our government works,” but you’re wrong. This is how our government DOESN’T work. Holding the full faith and credit of the United States hostage in order to prevent legislation that was legitimately put into law is not what our Founding Fathers intended. If all our politicians were to adopt that tactic then nothing would ever get done, and eventually it would take its toll on our economy. Our nation would atrophy. Congress has a constitutional obligation to stop playing with our nation’s future to pay our debts.
Comment # 72
Picture of John McCain walking up the white house steps is classic! Very similar to the photo I had in my brain. Hats of to Reuters for their choice of photos. Thanks a bunch John (sarc).
Comment # 73
Furlough the tea party.
Comment # 74
Flashrooster: My wording got in the way once again “dictatorship” was a bad choice. I lack the terminology to describe a president without a functioning Congress. I don’t like the “decisions” our president is left with in regards to a completely dysfunctional Congress. I enjoy reading your posts and wish at times there were more like minded individuals in these forums. You have a grasp on politics unlike many right-left-wing-nuts I see posting. Hence your observation(s) “If Obama were a dictator, I do believe taxes would be somewhat higher on the wealthiest individuals and a lot of corporate loopholes would be closed. We’d also most likely have a single payer healthcare system, rather than the Affordable Care Act, or at least have a public insurance option. But if Obama were a dictator then everything would change because it would have a corrupting influence on his thinking, so we really don’t know what he’d do as a dictator. One thing we can be sure of. He wouldn’t be wasting time fooling around with Congress’s childish game playing. The government wouldn’t be shut down and Congress wouldn’t be in a position to threaten a national default. The problem that’s gripping all aspects of our government is that corporate America is exerting too much influence. They’re using our government as a tool to make themselves richer and it’s left most Americans without representation. We need to return our government back to the people. To do that we need to end the corrupting influence of special interest money. As it is now, any individual or organization with enough money can offer that money to a politician in return for legislation that will ultimately make the special interest richer. Politicians comply. If they don’t, then they will lose their seat to someone who does, someone better funded by special interest groups. So we need publicly financed elections; we need to end the revolving door practice that allows politicians to pass legislation that favors some industry or corporation in return for a lucrative job when the politician leaves office; and we need to ban gerrymandering and replace it with a redistricting process that is fair and equitable, that will best represent the most people.” great summary/assessment(s). Thank you for taking the time to share your thoughts. It’s refreshing. Have a great day!
Comment # 75
It’s your fault. No, it’s your fault. No, it’s their fault. No, it’s that guy’s fault. And on and on and on. Bunch of freaking losers.
Comment # 76
@Flashrooster…give this “Gerrymandering” mantra a rest, will ya? http://www.realclearpolitics.com/articles/2013/10/11/gerrymandering_isnt_to_blame_for_dc_impasse_120300.html
Comment # 77
@all the kooks (especially the liberal kooks who think Democrats will take the house) who think this shutdown will effect elections which are 1 year away. Here’s some real data – try using it intead of unhinged emotions. http://www.grantland.com/fivethirtyeight/story/_/id/9802433/nate-silver-us-government-shutdown
Comment # 78
You’re right USARealist. You should run some more tea party candidates then. Like Sharon Angle and Christine O’Donnell. I’m sure they’ll do great in a general election. What, scared? Do it.
Comment # 79
Lemming: Sorry for the misunderstanding. I see where you’re coming from, and I heartily concur. And thank you for your overly generous words. You have a great day, too. And may it follow you throughout the entire weekend.
Comment # 80
USAREALIST: I checked out your information… Kinda Rush Limbaugh, Glen beck etc.! Tinfoil hat material? Why not speak what you’re thinking instead of regurgitating worthless web-info? Are you capable of your own thought(s)?
Comment # 81
are we really helping in the care of people or is ACA going to damage the healthcare in America ? Obamacare is only the care and awareness it will not help in the cure for the disturbed or the fraud that hospitals and doctors will keep you under care for a paycheck .. all Obamacare does is redistributes money it is a scam to create government jobs and in the future take over all insurance .. it is a search network engine getting paid to commercialize other insurance companies like priceline and kayak a ” plane ticket search engine” only for healthcare.. Did you know Methadone clinics are a Billion $ business now from doctors prescribing pain killers as well as drug addiction ? .Drug stores growth is up 200 x in just 3 years . a population of 10,000 people in my town we now have 4 drug stores with in 1 miles of each other and 10 with in 5 miles of each other ..birth defects up 35 % in the past 3 years and theft rate of armed robbery and theft up 20 %.. Just getting ready for Obamacare I wonder whats going to happen when people will receive free healthcare will go only to get pills they can profit from or kids that will be put on more prescription drugs to get entitlements .. or child birth defects that will destroy more families and be put on entitlements for the rest of there lives .. this could be a major problem
Comment # 82
USARealist: “give the “Gerrymandering” mantra a rest.” Why? Why should I just shut up and accept something that undermines our democracy? Why would you? We can only conjecture about whether or not gerrymandering has allowed for this impasse, but that’s not the argument I’m making. The argument that I’m making is confirmed by the author of the opinion piece you’ve cited. Gerrymandering serves to undermine full, fair, and equitable representation of the people in our government. This is from the piece you cited: “These are all top-notch analysts, and there’s at least some truth to what they are saying. If every member hailed from an even-PVI district, there would probably be no government shutdown. It is also reasonably clear that the GOP gained some advantages from redistricting; it “won” redistricting, to my mind, by pushing the median district further to the right.” I acknowledge that the Democrats do it too. I don’t care. Unlike most conservatives, my position isn’t based on whatever promotes the Democratic Party. My position is what ever promotes the best interests of the majority of Americans. Gerrymandering does not do that. I think you protest too much, which tells me your position is based on partisan politics. Mine is not. And as far as your other comment goes “all the kooks (especially the liberal kooks who think Democrats will take the house) who think this shutdown will effect elections which are 1 year away. Here’s some real data – try using it intead of unhinged emotions.” If you read the article, which I agree with, Nate Silver does not say that this clown game put on by the Republicans will not affect their political fortunes in the upcoming elections. He says that it’s too hard to tell and questions the wisdom of the pundits who are saying that it’s a foregone conclusion. I thoroughly agree. It will be hard for Democrats to win the House majority, in part thanks to gerrymandering (which explains why you’re so opposed to fixing it.) I think what’s more likely to occur is the same thing that occurred in the last election, the Democrats will pick up some more seats and will increase their dominance of the popular vote, but the Republicans will retain control. How many more seats no one knows. But the trend is a rejection of the republican party, and I think we’re seeing a slow demise of the party. And as the party diminishes in influence, they’ll continue to get more desperate and will continue to rely on stunts like the government shutdown and extortion; voter suppression; reduction of early voting days; reduction of the number of voting polls and machines in predominantly Democratic precincts; purging of voter lists of demographics that mostly vote Democratic; continuing to use the courts to allow wealthy plutocrats to donate as much money as they want to candidates of their picking; misleading propaganda, e.g., Obama wasn’t born in the US, Obama is a radical Muslim; and, of course, gerrymandering. As Republicans increasingly rely on these unAmerican tactics, Americans will increasingly turn away from the party, and slowly they’ll weaken into a small, feckless, group of whining dinosaurs, unable to participate in the rest of the world.
Comment # 83
Here’s hoping the president sticks to his terms and not pay the ransom. Moreover, there should be a full budget not another continuing resolution. He should in insist on taxing the very rich.
Comment # 84
@amibovvered “He should in insist on taxing the very rich.” LOL all of the very rich are in the Congress discussing how to charge more overtime and enhance the drama, before “reaching a heroic deal” that “saves the nation from a total collapse.” Enjoy the show.
Comment # 85
“Gerrymandering” a term used by liberals to blame/explain away the election of any republican or conservative. In the liberal mind, no one who opposes their warped and perverted agenda should have a voice, and any one who does has obviously circumvented the system. Liberalism is a disease and killing the host which is my country.
Comment # 86
If the Republicans want to talk deficit reduction, put the 1.5 trillion in cash and tax subsidizes as well as tax credits corporate America is getting. Sure lets take the so called 400 billion in entitlement away from the people who needed. And lets not forget that the US owes 2.7 trillion to Social Security.
Comment # 87
USAREALIST: Oops… I forgot to mention I am not above a tinfoil hat at times. I happen to entertain N.W.O ideology more often than not. I also would point out your thoughts are more important than regurgitated web-links. Maybe you could write about your perception(s) of what’s happening in our Republic/Democracy or lack of? Selfish of me I know… I grow tired of the usual web-info and really enjoy hearing individual thought.
Comment # 88
The US must increase the debt limit to avoid default that would raise borrowing costs, make repayment more difficult, increase the amount repaid, and reduce fiscal resources for future necessary programs. The Shutdown should continue for a few years because it is a useful tool for reducing deficits, and the American people cannot trust the liars, thieves, murderers, and traitors in recent US regimes who constantly squander America’s resources. For over a decade, criminal US regimes have inflicted massive economic damages against the US with two badly fought, excessively expensive wars, one of which was illegal. US regimes committed numerous illegal military interventions, committed vast intelligence crimes and treasons, failed to recognize and adress America’s main global threats, failed to recognize America’s true allies in its current war, failed to regulate the economy adequately to prevent three major economic crises, and refused to punish high ranking political, intelligence, and economic criminals. Some NATO allies have been able to work for years without complete governments that have allowed their civil servants to continue existing programs without creating new, costly bureaucracies during the past decade. The US should examine and consider doing the same for a few years. This would force the US to reduce its spending sharply, remain within the new debt limit, keep the US out of default, reduce the national debt, and keep most political criminals from creating new policies that plunge the US into more expensive follies. Support the Shutdown!
Comment # 89
Those that wish to see this as an issue of one party being unbearably intransigent fail to understand that while it may be the one particular party this time it will simply be the other party next time. The disenfranchised has no other option than to use whatever tools are handy in order to get its way and the stronger feels justified in using its power by the virtue of having power to stop such from happening. Today it is the one (doesn’t matter which one) tomorrow it will be the other. One side cries about gerrymandering and then uses the very same tool when they have it in their arsenal once they are in power. Otherwise the ‘lines’ would never change. To blame ‘special interest money’ while accepting ‘special interest money’ isn’t just disingenuous it is absurd. What is a union other than a ‘special interest’? Just because it’s YOUR doesn’t make it less ‘special’. Corporate America usually makes contributions to BOTH parties, Unions to only one. So to blame ‘big business’ is just another lie you tell your self. Think I’m lying? Here are just a few examples. Honeywell Intl.(43% to Democrats, 57% to Republicans) American Federation of Teachers (100% to Democrats, 0% to Republicans) Northrop Grumman (35% to Democrats, 65% to Republicans) Intl Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (99% to Democrats, 1% to Republicans) In general Lawyers and lobbyists have spent $25,655,939 with about two thirds to Democrats and one third to Republicans. Look at 527 contributions. http://www.opensecrets.org/527s/527contribs.php So, the idea that ‘big’ money’, ‘special’ interests’ etc. drive this situation is hiding from the fact that only 57.7% even bothered to vote. No, I am not contesting the vote but rather pointing out that only 30% of the public actually voted for him and yet is seems that 100% are complaining one way or the other. I have nothing against Pres. Obama that I wouldn’t have against any other politician. He is no better or worse than any of them. The fact is that you can not expect a public that doesn’t vote to express the will of the people. That they ‘shoot themselves in the foot’ by not voting is immaterial if one expects a consensus. It could go either way. Do so many not vote because they are so unsatisfied with the government? Or do so many not vote because they are so satisfied with the government? The fact is that it is this not voting that is the problem. It is not that the government has been taken from the people but that the public would rather not have their TV time disturbed and have abandoned their civic duty of not just voting but of being truly INFORMED and then voting. I’d still rather no government at all but as that is unlikely I’d like voters to at least be capable of actual thinking beyond the emotional soundbytes.
Comment # 90
If Patti invites 5 friends to an expensive restaurant for dinner & drinks and they all decide in advance to combine everything into 1 check and divide the amount evenly amongst each other, but Patti after having too much to drink decides…
Comment # 91
gcf1965: “In the liberal mind, no one who opposes their warped and perverted agenda should have a voice,” Quite the contrary. I’m advocating anything that best promotes democracy in a fair and equitable way. Surely you’re not suggesting that gerrymandering does that? In the last election Democrats received 1.4 million more votes in House elections than Republicans, yet Republicans hold 234 seats and Democrats just 201. Someone’s not getting fair representation. “In the seven states where Republicans redrew the districts, 16.7 million votes were cast for Republicans and 16.4 million votes were cast for Democrats. This elected 73 Republicans and 34 Democrats.” In Pennsylvania, a plurality of voters vote for Democrats, yet Republicans hold twice as many seats, 12 to the Democrats 6. That’s a problem IF you believe in democracy. So obviously between the two of us if anyone is advocating a position that deprives people of their voices, it’s you. Facts matter. http://www.nytimes.com/2013/02/03/opinion/sunday/the-great-gerrymander-of-2012.html?pagewanted=all
Comment # 92
cbj: “Those that wish to see this as an issue of one party being unbearably intransigent fail to understand that while it may be the one particular party this time it will simply be the other party next time.” Well, when that happens we’ll focus our ire on them. But this time it’s the Republicans. Furthermore, they are taking it further than any party has ever done before, so don’t try to make this one of those “they both do it” situation. This is unprecedented. The Republicans, driven by the Tea Party extremists, are using extortion, risking the full faith and credit of our Republic, to do away with some legislation they they don’t like. They are in uncharted waters. Why do you insist on making excuses for the inexcusable?
Comment # 93
the fact that worldwide people keep rolling out the ‘avoid default’ jargon either shows how stupid they think we are or we are in fact as stupid as they claim. we bring in $250 billion a month in tax receipts and owe $25 billion on the interest on our debt. please someone do the math for me and show me how 10% of what we take in to avoid default will result in default.
Comment # 94
gcf1965 - I like how easy it is to just swap out the variables in all of your posts to give it the exact opposite meaning. It’s like political ad libs! —– “Gerrymandering” a term used by conservatives to blame/explain away the election of any democrat or liberal (prior to 2010). In the conservative mind, no one who opposes their warped and perverted agenda should have a voice, and any one who does has obviously circumvented the system. Conservatism is a disease and killing the host which is my country. —– It’s like you don’t (or can’t) think of any substantive things to say, but still want to let everyone know how full of anger and hatred you are.
Comment # 95
We do not want Obama care …What is so hard to understand about that….? Americans do not want Obama care.So whom is at fault ?Obama and the dems….
Comment # 96
While maybe a little off subject, Obama’s reluctance to negotiate is actually a planned strategy to take focus off of another situation that the American people should know about. The Russian military’s GRU foreign intelligence unit presented a report to Kremlin leadership recently that said Obama is removing the United States Military’s most powerful leaders from his command specifically because he fears a military coup is being planned against him. Air Force Maj. Gen. Michael Carey was the latest victim just this morning.
Comment # 97
“Obama and Republicans struggle to break fiscal impasse” Michele Bachman wants a milkshake and a puppy. And a better coffee machine in the Capitol Hill break room. You know, I think we can all live with that. Mama gotta eat. Let’s sign this thing.
Comment # 98
Cleansesociety wrote: “If Patti invites 5 friends to an expensive restaurant for dinner & drinks and they all decide in advance to combine everything into 1 check and divide the amount evenly amongst each other, but Patti after having too much to drink decides…” that she doesn’t have to pay the check unless her friends give back the crab cakes they all agreed to order, because Patti wanted another martini instead. But it’s okay because her friends are over-spending anti-American moochers. Yeah, Patti’s kind of a huge B, and so her friends decide to go out without her next time.
Comment # 99
Rich_F If the US defaulted, the interest on our debt would greatly increase. Same with all future borrowing. Plus there will be a monthly shortfall, the reality is no one is going to cut entitlements, especially Social Security and Medicare, so are Republicans willing to cut military spending by 200-million? Doubtful. And the US currency would no longer be the global gold standard, the Chinese Yuan would become the standard. Anyone who thinks defaulting is a good option is just stupid when it comes to finance.
Comment # 100
GCF1965 wrote “Liberalism is a disease and killing the host which is my country”. That’s a funny statement considering Washington, Jefferson, Adams and the rest of the founders were the liberals of their day. The Republican Party at its founding was liberal. Lincoln would have been a democrat today.
Comment # 101
brickem30 wrote: “We do not want Obama care …What is so hard to understand about that….? Americans do not want Obama care.So whom is at fault ?Obama and the dems….” Americans may not like Obamacare, but they have a much more favorable opinion of the Affordable Care Act. If Americans wanted the law repealed, how come Romney lost the election? How come republicans lost seats in the Senate AND House? How come this little Obamacare shutdown stunt has gotten them the lowest approval rating in the party’s history? You are so rigid your beliefs that, when they don’t jive with reality, it’s actually easier to make up a new “reality” than it is to change your mind. How archaic. How sad.
Comment # 102
I am watching CSPAN live right now, and do you know what I see. Most of the Tea Party speaking at the Values for Voters Summit. Why are these clowns out spewing their rhetoric, instead of working at their jobs? Rand Paul, Marco Rubio, Ted Cruz, Michelle Bachman, all of them are there spewing their ideologies instead of working at the job that they were elected to do. Do these Bozos not realize that our government is shut down?
Comment # 103
Speaker2 – Classical liberalism nearly the opposite of modern liberalism. Much closer to modern libertarianism. Please refrain from false claims that modern liberalism has even a remote connection to the beliefs the nation was founded upon.
Comment # 104
All of you idiots that are saying that the US government is bringing in enough money to cover the interest on the debt, so therefore there is no real reason to raise the debt ceiling do not understand how wrong you are. The government processes over 4 million transactions each day, and must settle up at the end of each day, not each month. Some days of the month there are huge amounts that must be settled. Pair this with wildly inconsistent revenues being paid, and without loans you have a huge recipe for disaster. This is how the modern economy works. The same is true of very large businesses who take on short term loans to cover wages and other obligations. You must realize that if the US defaults, there will be huge implications and the whole system comes unraveled. Money and its worth are all based on perceptions, and if that perception is damaged, the whole thing comes crashing down. Those Tea Party idiots don’t even realize this, they just want to bring it all down regardless of the implications.
Comment # 105
Obama should, and will, stand his ground against the GOP terrorists. The GOP/NRA/TEA party coalition must be taken down to save our country. Their actions have been despicable, and done far more harm than good. They have no use for, or compassion for, anybody other than themselves. Their financial and psychological damage to our country surpasses 9/11. They must be voted out of office, banned from D.C., and sent to Gitmo. In order to preserve the the Union, pray that Obama’s will prevails.
Comment # 106
@littleredtop What can the rest of Americans do to help the coup succeed? Do they need armaments, munitions, communications, logistics, transportation, air units, naval units, armored units, airborne or airmobile units? Where and when do they need them?
Comment # 107
@flashrooster, Do you have a reading comprehension problem? Please point out where I have excused either party? I EXPRESSLY pointed out that it is an inherent flaw in a system built on an either/or premise. Much like the discovery of the Atom Bomb, the Genie cannot be corked up again. This tactic will be revisited by either side and will become just another political ploy to be used by one side or the other. Had you been capable of any sort of non partisan thinking you would have been able to grasp that point but no . . . you can only see things through your agenda driven filter. My point is that the problem is that the public mass, the ruck of humanity would rather eat Cheetos, watch American Voice Dance Idol Survival Challenge and complain about how the government is being taken from them. They left it in the mall when something bright and sparkly passed their eye and ran towards the promises of candy cane wishes and gumdrop dreams. In short, the public abandoned their watch. They left government slip the chain and trust me our government was meant to be fettered. We don’t have NSA problems, undeclared war problems, budget problems etc. because ‘outside’ forces have corrupted government. Government itself is the corrupting influence. My point is that we let them get away with it and that either side will get up to ‘dirty tricks’ regardless of political flavor. It is the allure of power. But you will not see this because you WANT power . . . but only for your side. You really are myopic.
Comment # 108
Rich_F: “the fact that worldwide people keep rolling out the ‘avoid default’ jargon either shows how stupid they think we are or we are in fact as stupid as they claim.” I think littleredtop addresses your point about why people worldwide think we’re stupid, and it has nothing to do with their concern about the US defaulting: “The Russian military’s GRU foreign intelligence unit presented a report to Kremlin leadership recently that said Obama is removing the United States Military’s most powerful leaders from his command specifically because he fears a military coup is being planned against him.” Here comes the latest Obama lie from America’s party of Jethro Bodines. Rich_F, wonder no more about where the rest of the world gets the idea that we’re stupid. It’s because we are, at least roughly 40% of us. And in case it needs spelling out for you, it’s the 40% who are most inclined to believe the kind of nonsense that littleredtop is spreading, which no one on the right will bother to correct.
Comment # 109
“Ted Cruz and Michele Bachmann to give important speech on green eggs and ham, jesus, NASCAR personalities and conservative path forward.”
Comment # 110
JPMoffat: “Those Tea Party idiots don’t even realize this, they just want to bring it all down regardless of the implications.” Very aptly worded. I applaud you. The bottom line is that they’re either not smart enough to understand how global economics works or they figure whatever happens, regardless of who else it hurts, they’ll be fine, and reelected.
Comment # 111
@JPMoffat we are sitting on the same time bomb that blew subprime home owners just a few years back. The borrowing cost today is artificially pressed down by money printing. If a default is inevitable, are we going to be better off sorting it out now, when we still have other options, or waiting until that’s the only one?
Comment # 112
@littleredtop, I have no answer and usually I’d dismiss your statement out of hand and wouldn’t have given it a second thought but while I will not go as far as to state that there is anything remotely like a conspiracy it is a bit odd. From NBC News “Air Force officials said Maj. Gen. Michael Carey was fired for “personal misbehavior” while on temporary duty at an unspecified location outside his usual command. The officials would not describe the behavior, other than to say that it did not involve any sexual improprieties, drug use, gambling, or criminal conduct. The statement goes on to say that “the allegations are not related to operational readiness, inspection results, nor do they involve sexual misconduct.” “The firing came after a months-long investigation by the Air Force Inspector General into reports of personal misbehavior by the major general.” He passed all of his job requirements, was not found in sexual misconduct or drunkenness or drugs or gambling. What did he do? Join some neo Nazi organization? Again, I am not buying into any tin hat BS but I would like a bit more information from a reliable source (No ALEX JONES)
Comment # 113
The current fiscal path Obama and the Dems have us on is absolutely UNSUSTAINABLE. (period!)
Comment # 114
Beginning Questions for the Inter-American Democratic Charter. (aka 1%.) First, please define what you think democracy is? Democracy and the Inter-American System Article 1 The peoples of the Americas have a right to democracy (Undefined) and their governments have an obligation to promote and defend it. Democracy is essential for the social, political, and economic development of the peoples of the Americas. Why? Since you are promoting democracy that is undefined = what ever you say or think it is, when ever you say or think! Article 2 The effective ( define that) exercise of representative democracy is the basis for the rule of law (define that) and of the constitutional regimes (WTF!) of the member states of the Organization of American States. Representative democracy is strengthened and deepened by permanent, ethical, and responsible participation of the citizenry (but only the “citizen” we pick, when we want, when ever we want and how we want) within a legal framework conforming to the respective constitutional order. (Which you can manipulate when ever and how ever you choose.) Article 3 Essential elements of representative democracy include, inter alia, respect for human rights and fundamental freedoms, access to and the exercise of power in accordance with the rule of law (AS YOU DETERMINE TO EXTRACT RESOURCES), the holding of periodic, free, and fair elections based on secret balloting and universal suffrage as an expression of the sovereignty of the people, the pluralistic system of political parties and organizations, and the separation of powers and independence of the branches of government. (gOOD jOB!) Article 4 Transparency in government activities, probity, responsible public administration on the part of governments, respect for social rights, and freedom of expression and of the press are essential components of the exercise of democracy. The constitutional subordination of all state institutions to the legally constituted civilian authority and respect for the rule of law on the part of all institutions and sectors of society are equally essential to democracy. (AND, THE CONSTITUTIONAL SUBORDINATION OF THE EXECUTIVE BRANCH TO THE STATES!) Article 5 The strengthening of political parties and other political organizations is a priority for democracy. (“So we can control the masses with our rhetoric.”) Special attention* will be paid to the problems associated with the high cost of election campaigns and the establishment of a balanced and transparent system for their financing. *(Make it as expensive as possible, to exclude the cows.) Article 6 It is the right and responsibility of all “SPECIAL” citizens to participate in decisions relating to their own development (AND OWN ECONOMIC GAIN BY HARVESTING COWS.) This is also a necessary condition for the full and effective exercise of democracy. Promoting and fostering diverse forms of participation (FOR THE EXCLUSIVE USE BY A MULTI-NATIONAL CORPORTION) strengthens democracy. II Democracy and Human Rights Article 7 Democracy is indispensable for the effective exercise of fundamental freedoms and human rights in their universality, indivisibility and interdependence (NOT INDEPENDENCE), embodied in the respective constitutions of states and in inter-American and international human rights instruments. (WHICH HAVE NOTING TO DO WITH THE USA CONSTITUATION OR THE PEOPLE OF AMERICA!) Article 8 Any person or group of persons who consider that their human rights have been violated may present claims or petitions to the inter-American system for the promotion and protection of human rights in accordance with its established procedures. (SO WE CAN DRONE YOU!) Member states reaffirm their intention to strengthen the inter-American system for the protection of human rights for the consolidation of democracy in the Hemisphere. (GLOBILIZATION OR G-ZERO!) Article 9 The elimination of all forms of discrimination, especially gender, ethnic and race discrimination, as well as diverse forms of intolerance, the promotion and protection of human rights of indigenous peoples and migrants, and respect for ethnic, cultural and religious diversity in the Americas contribute to strengthening democracy and citizen participation. (BUT WE WILL DO EVERYTHING POSSIBLE TO MAKE SURE THIS DOESN’T HAPPEN.) Article 10 The promotion and strengthening of democracy requires the full and effective exercise of workers’ rights and the application of core labor standards (TO PROMOTE PROPER SLAVE BEHAVIOR), as recognized in the International Labour Organization (ILO) Declaration on Fundamental Principles and Rights at Work, and its Follow-up, adopted in 1998, as well as other related fundamental ILO conventions. Democracy is strengthened by improving standards in the workplace and enhancing the quality of life for workers in the Hemisphere. (BY POISENING, POLLUTING and EXPLOITING.)
Comment # 115
littleredtop writes: “another situation that the American people should know about. The Russian military’s GRU foreign intelligence unit presented a report to Kremlin leadership recently that said Obama is removing the United States Military’s most powerful leaders from his command specifically because he fears a military coup is being planned against him.” When AM radio hillbillies get on the internet…. It’s like its own art form. More of this stuff, please. Maybe something with intergalactic council woven into the fold….
Comment # 116
Per Ann Coulter’s column yesterday, the reason this battle is lost is there is nobody to articulate Republican positions to the American public. They have to be able to connect with the Dancing with the Stars crowd and all they’ve been doing is tossing around “inside the Beltway” jargon at reporters. No wonder the polls show what they show. Now they capitulate out of fear for their jobs. News flash: You’re going to lose your jobs anyway. You will be primaried.
Comment # 117
@Whatsgoing on “@JPMoffat we are sitting on the same time bomb that blew subprime home owners just a few years back. The borrowing cost today is artificially pressed down by money printing. If a default is inevitable, are we going to be better off sorting it out now, when we still have other options, or waiting until that’s the only one?” Economics does not work that way, the USA was actually managing their balance well before the Iraq war and Bush tax cuts. The more the USA tries to cut back on spending now, the slower the recovery of the economy will be. The USA need not default when it has the ability to print its own currency. The only fear is a spike in interest rates and inflation rates, which is far from a great concern considering the poor business environment (not much incentive to borrow right now, so no worries about interest rate), and the Feds are even targeting a higher inflation rate to inspire greater growth. Once the economy has recovered, naturally the USA will receive greater revenue due to higher tax receipts and slowly go back to a balanced budget and reduce the deficit. The deficit is only important as a percentage of GDP and not as a figure itself, due to inflation. Do not think a default is not going to hurt USA, because it is. I am sure it has been repeated many times, but once the USA defaults, borrowing costs for the USA is going to increase, hurting all Americans. By the way, I’m not even American,
Comment # 118
Additional Questions for the Inter-American Democratic Charter. III Democracy, Integral Development, and Combating Poverty Article 11 Democracy and social and economic development are interdependent and are mutually reinforcing. (NOT REALLY WORKING OUT.) Article 12 Poverty, illiteracy, and low levels of human development (LIKE YOU!) are factors that adversely affect the consolidation of democracy. (g-zERO!) The OAS member states (WE THE PEOPLE DO NOT BELONG TO THIS ORGANIZATION) are committed to adopting and implementing all those actions required to generate productive employment, reduce poverty, and eradicate extreme poverty, taking into account the different economic realities and conditions of the countries of the Hemisphere. This shared commitment regarding the problems associated with development and poverty also underscores the importance of maintaining macroeconomic EQUILIBRIA and the obligation to strengthen social cohesion and democracy. (DELUSIONAL!) Article 13 The promotion and observance of economic, social, and cultural rights are inherently linked to integral development, equitable economic growth, and to the consolidation of democracy (G-ZERO) in the states of the Hemisphere. Article 14 Member states (?) agree to review periodically the actions adopted and carried out by the Organization to promote dialogue, cooperation for integral development, and the fight against poverty in the Hemisphere, and to take the appropriate measures to further these objectives. (OF G-ZERO.) Article 15 The exercise of democracy promotes the preservation and good stewardship of the environment. (TELL THAT TO KOCH n DICK!) It is essential that the states of the Hemisphere implement policies and strategies to protect the environment, including application of various (viscous) treaties and conventions, to achieve sustainable development for the benefit of future generations. (10 billion souls.) Article 16 Education is key to strengthening democratic institutions, promoting the development of human potential, and alleviating poverty and fostering greater understanding among our peoples. To achieve these ends, it is essential that a quality education be available to all, including girls and women, rural inhabitants, and minorities. (Which we will do everything in our power to make sure doesn’t happen.)
Comment # 119
@tmorro “Per Ann Coulter’s column yesterday, the reason this battle is lost is there is nobody to articulate Republican positions to the American public.” Not true. You guys have Ted Cruz and Michele Bachmann. They speak loud and clear for the modern conservative movement.
Comment # 120
IV Strengthening and Preservation of Democratic Institutions Article 17 When the government of a member state considers that its democratic political institutional process or its legitimate exercise of power is at risk, it may request assistance from the Secretary General or the Permanent Council for the strengthening and preservation of its democratic system. (WE WILL GET MIC TO DO IT!) Article 18 When situations arise in a member state that may affect the development of its democratic political institutional process or the legitimate exercise of power, the Secretary General or the Permanent Council may, with prior consent of the government concerned, arrange for visits or other actions in order to analyze the situation. The Secretary General will submit a report to the Permanent Council, which will undertake a collective assessment of the situation and, where necessary, may adopt decisions for the preservation of the democratic system (MINERAL AND RESOURCES EXTRACTION MACHINE) and its strengthening. Article 19 Based on the principles of the Charter of the OAS and subject to its norms (OF PSYCHOSIS), and in accordance with the democracy clause contained in the Declaration of Quebec City, an unconstitutional interruption of the democratic order or an unconstitutional alteration of the constitutional regime (bla, bla, bla…) that seriously impairs the democratic order in a member state, constitutes, while it persists, an insurmountable obstacle to its government’s participation in sessions of the General Assembly, the Meeting of Consultation, the Councils of the Organization, the specialized conferences, the commissions, working groups, and other bodies of the Organization. WOW! Got milk? Article 20 In the event of an unconstitutional alteration of the constitutional regime that seriously impairs the democratic order in a member state, any member state or the Secretary General may request the immediate convocation of the Permanent Council to undertake a collective assessment of the situation and to take such decisions as it deems appropriate. (Master Bullying Techniques.) The Permanent Council, depending on the situation, may undertake the necessary diplomatic initiatives (WAR), including good offices (good to know) , to foster the restoration of democracy. If such diplomatic initiatives prove unsuccessful, or if the urgency of the situation so warrants, the Permanent Council shall immediately convene a special session of the General Assembly. The General Assembly will adopt the decisions it deems appropriate (?), including the undertaking of diplomatic initiatives, in accordance with the Charter of the Organization, international law, and the provisions of this Democratic Charter. The necessary diplomatic initiatives (WAR), including good offices, to foster the restoration of democracy, will continue during the process. Article 21 When the special session of the General Assembly determines that there has been an unconstitutional interruption of the democratic order of a member state, and that diplomatic initiatives have failed, the special session shall take the decision to suspend said member state from the exercise of its right to participate in the OAS by an affirmative vote of two thirds of the member states in accordance with the Charter of the OAS. The suspension shall take effect immediately. (YOU CAN NOT SUSPEND WE THE PEOPLE, BECASUE WE DON’T BELONG TO YOU.) The suspended member state shall continue to fulfill its obligations to the Organization, in particular its human rights obligations. Notwithstanding the suspension of the member state, the Organization will maintain diplomatic initiatives to restore democracy in that state. Article 22 Once the situation that led to suspension has been resolved, any member state or the Secretary General may propose to the General Assembly that suspension be lifted. This decision shall require the vote of two thirds of the member states in accordance with the OAS Charter.
Comment # 121
@e_g_g_s LOL are you saying the emperor’s parade could have gone on forever, if the boy never existed? “Once the economy has recovered, naturally the USA will receive greater revenue due to higher tax receipts and slowly go back to a balanced budget and reduce the deficit.” I guess the Greeks had been thinking about this all along, yet they ended up with a nasty surprise. Economy recovery is a difficult task that requires dedicated focus across the nation. We elected someone to drive the “changes” required to turn economy around, yet he devoted his full attention to his benchmark Obmacare, another open-ended, unfunded promise that incorporated with worst provisions from both parties. “Do not think a default is not going to hurt USA, because it is. I am sure it has been repeated many times, but once the USA defaults, borrowing costs for the USA is going to increase, hurting all Americans.” Have your heard the saying “no pain, no gain?” I am not sure pain alone will make any difference, but it’s needed to break the irresponsible behavior of kicking the can forever. For Mr. Aron Ralston it’s painful to cut his own hand off, yet he gained his new life. Have QEs drugged this nation into a death spiral? We’ll have to wait and see.
Comment # 122
Additional Questions for the Inter-American Democratic Charter. V Democracy and Electoral Observation Missions Article 23 Member states are responsible for organizing, conducting, and ensuring free and fair electoral processes. Member states, in the exercise of their sovereignty, may request that the Organization of American States provide advisory services or assistance for strengthening and developing their electoral institutions and processes, including sending preliminary missions for that purpose! (Interesting, very interesting.) Article 24 The electoral observation missions shall be carried out at the request of the member state concerned. To that end, the government of that state and the Secretary General shall enter into an agreement establishing the scope and coverage of the electoral observation mission in question. The member state shall guarantee conditions of security, free access to information, and full cooperation with the electoral observation mission. Electoral observation missions shall be carried out in accordance with the principles and norms of the OAS. The Organization shall ensure that these missions are effective and independent and shall provide them with the necessary resources for that purpose. They shall be conducted in an objective, impartial, and transparent manner and with the appropriate technical expertise. (So that we can rig any election, we are involved in.) Electoral observation missions shall present a report on their activities in a timely manner to the Permanent Council, through the General Secretariat. (Interesting, very interesting.) Article 25 The electoral observation missions shall advise the Permanent Council, through the General Secretariat, if the necessary conditions for free and fair elections do not exist. (I bet!) AGE00011E03 [code for something?] The Organization may, with the consent of the state concerned, send special missions with a *view to creating or improving said conditions. *(Bulling with war or threats or war.)
Comment # 123
Boner blinked, it means he realised he had made a mistake. Now Obama must stand firm and not give an inch to Republican demands. Finally they will agree on debt ceiling with no string attached.
Comment # 124
GOP listen up. Your poll numbers are at the bottom along with the Democrats. So, you have no place to go but up. If you cave in to the demands of this liberal progressive socialist wannabe dictator you will destroy the conservative remnants of the party. This is the last time you will have a say regarding the de-funding and eventual repeal of Obamacare. If you do not heed the advice of those who were swept into office in 2010 you will see the total disintegration of the GOP. It is up to you to either stand tall and be courageous or to be weak and bow to your new king. You must decide and quit wavering.
Comment # 125
GOP listen up. Your poll numbers are at the bottom along with the Democrats. So, you have no place to go but up. If you cave in to the demands of this liberal progressive socialist wannabe dictator you will destroy the conservative remnants of the party. This is the last time you will have a say regarding the de-funding and eventual repeal of Obamacare. If you do not heed the advice of those who were swept into office in 2010 you will see the total disintegration of the GOP. It is up to you to either stand tall and be courageous or to be weak and bow to your new king. You must decide and quit wavering.
Comment # 126
“GOP’s Bohner Softens, Party Mess Assessed.” So shake his hand, but wash thoroughly afterwards. Yick.
Comment # 127
Additional Questions (observation) for the Inter-American Democratic Charter. VI Promotion of a Democratic Culture Article 26 The OAS will continue to carry out programs and activities designed to promote democratic principles and practices and strengthen a democratic culture in the Hemisphere, bearing in mind that democracy is a way of life based on liberty and enhancement of economic, social, and cultural conditions for the peoples of the Americas. The OAS will consult and cooperate on an ongoing basis with member states and take into account the contributions of civil society organizations (MULTI-NATIONAL CORPORATIONS) working in those fields. Article 27 The objectives of the programs and activities will be to promote good governance, sound administration, democratic values, and the strengthening of political institutions and civil society organizations. Special attention shall be given to the development of programs and activities for the education of children and youth as a means of ensuring the continuance of democratic values, including liberty and social justice. (YOU MUST HAVE FORGOTTEN ABOUT THIS ONE.) Article 28 States shall promote the full and equal participation of women in the political structures of their countries as a fundamental element in the promotion and exercise of a democratic culture. (What ever!) UP Next: The Action by the Governing Council
Comment # 128
I watched Ted Cruz make an absolute fool out of himself and the GOP today on CSpan. He is a disgrace to himself and this great country. That such an idiot is allowed to walk the earth a free man is crazy. VOTE TED CRUZ OUT OF OFFICE TODAY, AND SEND HIM AND HIS ILK TO GITMO.
Comment # 129
Inter-American Democratic Charter HOOKS INTO: The Action by the Governing Council A – Resolutions and decisions of the thirty-first session of the GA and resolutions of the sixtieth and sixty-first sessions of the Economic and Social Council of relevance to the UN Environment Program for action by organizations of the United Nations system in general, or were otherwise of relevance to the activities of UNEP. 461. The Governing Council considered agenda item 15 at its 70th and 72nd meetings, on 17 and 19 May 1977. The Council had before it a note by the Executive Director on resolutions and decisions of the thirty-first session of the General Assembly and resolutions of the sixtieth and sixty-first sessions of the Economic and Social Council of relevance to the activities of UNEP (UNEP/GC/104 and Corr.1 and Add.1). (WOW! Rhetoric mush?) 462. In a brief introductory statement, the Executive Director drew the attention of the Council to the fact that some of those resolutions and decisions called specifically for action by UNEP; others called for action by organizations of the United Nations system in general, or were otherwise of relevance to the activities of UNEP. (LMFAO!) Action by the Governing Council 463. At its 70th meeting on 17 May 1977, the Governing Council adopted without a vote a draft decision sponsored by Finland, Hungary, the Philippines, the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics and the United States of America on the Convention on the Prohibition of Military or Any Other Hostile Use of Environmental Modification Techniques (decision 102 (V)). 39/ 464. The representative of Hungary, introducing the draft decision, said that the delegations of Colombia, Italy, Portugal and the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland wished to become sponsors. The Convention with which the draft decision dealt would be signed at Geneva on 18 May. It sought to ban the military uses of environmental modification techniques (EMT – I WILL SHOW YOU WHAT A EMT IS) which could cause incalculable harm to man and his environment, but did not preclude the peaceful uses of such techniques for the benefit of mankind. (exactly, thank you for understanding.) 465. The representatives of Bulgaria and Poland spoke in support of the draft decision and said they wished to become sponsors. The Romanian and Danish delegations also expressed support. The Brazilian delegation said that, while associating itself with the consensus reached, it felt more time should have been allowed for consideration of the draft, which would have given the members of the Governing Council an opportunity for more detailed study of the text. (Please, be a guest, but you only have a fraction of the equation, you always keep ?) 466. The Argentine, French and Mexican delegations said they were unable to support the draft decision for reasons which they had explained in the General Assembly debate on resolution 31/72 containing the Convention. The Mexican delegation recalled that it had voted against the resolution, while the Argentine and French delegations recalled that they had abstained. (Curious, I guess they didn’t like the weather.) 467. The Chinese delegation said that the Convention had been concocted by a “super-Power” (DC, et al) in an attempt to cover up its arms expansion and its ambition to establish hegemony. The ulterior motive of that superpower was to divert attention from the environmental damage resulting from its aggressive policies. (Nailed “it”.) The Chinese delegation had not participated in the vote in the General Assembly and could not support the draft decision. 468. At its 72nd meeting, on 19 May 1977, the Governing Council adopted without a vote a draft decision suggested by the President on resolutions and decisions of the thirty-first session of the General Assembly and resolutions of the sixtieth and sixty-first sessions of the Economic and Social Council of relevance to UNEP. 4o/ (Gotta love me some loop holes! But, I got a hole in my ?) 469. The representative of Argentina recalled that his delegation had abstained when the General Assembly had adopted resolutions 31/58 and 31/72. 470. The representative of China said his delegation agreed in principle to the resolutions contained in document UNEP/GC/104, adopted at the thirty-first session of the General Assembly and the sixtieth and sixty-first sessions of the Economic and Social Council, which were of relevance to the environment. However, with regard to General Assembly resolutions 31/10, 31/72, 31/109, 31/121 and 31/111 and Economic and Social Council resolutions 2013 (LXI) and 2o4o (LXI), [(VERY, VERY INTERESING, INDEED!) #1^ send you all the love in the world - wizard.] it wished to reiterate its position of principle already expressed at the thirty-first session of the General Assembly and the sixty-first session of the Economic and Social Council.
Comment # 130
e_g_g_s: Let me ask you a question or two. What do people typically think about the United States, and our conservatives, in your part of the world? Do they think Obama is an evil tyrant cramming his healthcare down everyone throats? Do they think conservatives have America’s best interests at heart? I like to hear unbiased, outside opinions. Thanks for your input. Whatsgoingon: e_g_g_s has a better understanding of our economy than you do and he’s not even American. What’s up with that? My guess is that he hasn’t studied it in depth, but has a good understanding of how global economics works, the role of the American economy, and how we’re able to carry the debt that we have. Where it’s true that there is a limit to the amount of debt we can carry, we’re not yet at that critical point. I agree that we’re getting close. We do need to gradually reduce the deficit until we have a balanced budget, but there’s a right way to go about doing that, and there’s a wrong way. The Paul Ryan way is wrong headed and would hurt the economy, probably sending us back into a recession. Had Romney won the election and the GOP implemented the Ryan budget, not only would a lot of Americans have suffer unnecessarily, but we’d have prolonged the recession, possibly ended up in a depression and would have only exacerbated the deficit/debt problem. The best way to lower the deficit is to get the economy going again, which e_g_g_s alluded to. Clinton gave us a balanced budget 3 years in a row. Bush and the Republicans destroyed that with their illogical economic policies. We can get back there and Obama has us on the right track. The deficits are coming down at a fairly quick pace. Had Clinton been President during the time Obama has been President, his policies would have been much closer to Obama’s than the republicans’.
Comment # 131
Apparently the the repubs have a new ransom! now they want to make cuts to entitlement programs. What a bunch of rediculous, seditous clowns. We are witnessing the death throes of the Republican Party.
Comment # 132
It is nice of the president pretend to give the Koch-sock puppets cover. Considering their audience is aligned with one network, how hard could it be to fool Rush’s fans with a Potemkin village?
Comment # 133
“Obama Reaches Out to GOP’s Bohner, Sizes Up Offer.” Who is editing those headlines? Yick.
Comment # 134
Jameson4Lunch wrote: Speaker2 – Classical liberalism nearly the opposite of modern liberalism. Much closer to modern libertarianism. Please refrain from false claims that modern liberalism has even a remote connection to the beliefs the nation was founded upon. No matter how you break it down, they were progressive for their time and not rightwing thinkers. I look at the right wing as maintain the status quo and liberals/progressives as revolutionaries.
Comment # 135
Obama wants only one thing out of this…He wants to ram a sword through the hearts of Americans. As a backup plan, he wants to spend all the money he can that will benefit the Muslim Brotherhood which he, as the Muslim Anti-Christ, seeks to protect. Death to America. Death to America. Give him another Nobel Peace Prize. He earned it.
Comment # 136
Jameson4Lunch: The truth is that our Founders were split on how strong the federal government should be. And unlike modern libertarianism, they believed in government. They believed in themselves. They formed our government. They were our government.
Comment # 137
cbj: It’s not me who’s having trouble understanding. I don’t care how you were applying your “they both do it” excuse, my point remains unchanged: This is the Republicans’ doing. You don’t gamble with the full faith and credit of the United States. Don’t say the Democrats did it, too. They haven’t done. The Republicans have never done it before until recently. This is actually their second blunder down this road. They need to learn and I hope voters are smart enough to teach them that valuable lesson. They are threatening the economic well-being of millions. That’s just plain stupid.
Comment # 138
If Obama was smart he would go along with defunding the ACA. His administration can’t even run the ACA website so how does he expect to run the healthcare of millions of americans. John Stewart had it right when he indicated to Kathleen Sebielious that he could download every movie ever made before she could sign up for Obamacare. What a joke for our country.
Comment # 139
4825 all websites like this on this scope have problems. Oracle is quite capable of fixing it. Its already better, bet you have not gone to it lately,
Comment # 140
@flashrooster: Just a factual comment on “The Republicans have never done it before until recently.” I am not sure what you implied by “recently”, but the Republicans did the same thing when Clinton was President in 1995-96, because they opposed funding “for Medicare, education, the environment, and public health in the 1996 federal budget.”(http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/United_States_federal_government_shutdown_of_1995%E2%80%9396) It is hard to comprehend all these folks that are so stubbornly deaf and blind to the fact that for the last 20+ years Republican presidents threw this country and economy into three wars followed by decline. Then, the same Republicans adamantly opposed efforts of Democratic Presidents that lead this country to recovery and great prosperity, as it happened at the end 1990s, and I trust, will happen again in 3-5 years.
Comment # 141
What are they negotiating? How far to kick the can down the road?
Comment # 142
Here’s 2 classic examples of what is wrong with the American conservative/libertarian movement and why this country, if it values its future, can’t afford to allow Republicans to make important decisions for our country: “Obama wants only one thing out of this…He wants to ram a sword through the hearts of Americans. As a backup plan, he wants to spend all the money he can that will benefit the Muslim Brotherhood which he, as the Muslim Anti-Christ, seeks to protect.” “The Russian military’s GRU foreign intelligence unit presented a report to Kremlin leadership recently that said Obama is removing the United States Military’s most powerful leaders from his command specifically because he fears a military coup is being planned against him.” This is the kind of invidious crap that the right has been spreading about Obama from the start. Sure, you snag some small-minded, naive Americans, but mostly you only succeed in making US conservatives look like a bunch of backward idiots. If you really value your movement, you need to repudiate these clowns when they start this stuff. Usually, though, they are encouraged. So not only do the US conservatives look stupid, but they also come across as dishonest and lacking credibility. You’d think that after backing Bush on his Iraq invasion that you’d be a bit more contrite and want to demonstrate to fellow Americans and the rest of the world that you are worthy of leading the world. But you guys just get worse all the time. You’re spinning out of control into dumbsville with no signs of returning any time soon. That’s why this willingness to sacrifice the full faith and credit of the United States is so scary. Americans had better take heed and recognize that the Republicans and their radical rightwing movement is not what we want if we want a strong and stable future.
Comment # 143
@gordo36563 “What are they negotiating?” They’ll have a lot to discuss, like how much overtime pay they charge, when the next episode starts, and how to come out like heroes. Anyway good news are coming – we will be saved again :)
Comment # 144
UauS: Thanks. I probably should have been more specific. I was referring to the Republicans’ willingness to force us into defaulting on our debt obligations by refusing to raise the debt ceiling. I know they played this game in 2011 and it cost us a credit downgrade. We’ll see how far they take it THIS time. As you know, we shouldn’t even be having to discuss this. I remember Newt and the boys’ government shutdown under Clinton. That didn’t turn out so good for them. You’d think they’d learn something. They seem incapable of learning anything. I’m always wondering which is the bigger of the two problems with American conservatives, stupidity or this partisan obsession of theirs. There is so much misdirected anger and hatred. If you made a list of the things they frequently lash out at, usually directed at their fellow Americans, you’d be left wondering if there’s anyone in the world they DO like. For example, if they hate Obama because he’s a socialist, as demonstrated by the ACA, then they must hate all the other developed countries in the world. Sometimes it scares me because there are a lot of these people; they wield a frightening amount of influence, as we are currently witnessing; they have an inordinate amount of faith in their guns; they’re extremely easy to manipulate; they act as if they’re desperate (I don’t know why); and they seem to have to have an enemy. Amazingly, our President, Democrats, and anyone remotely considered progressive in their thinking have become the enemy in their minds. And there’s no call for it. I just wonder where it’s all headed. They certainly have a proven willingness to do this country enormous harm.
Comment # 145
4825: “If Obama was smart he would go along with defunding the ACA.” Yeah, that would be real smart.
Comment # 146
@flashrooster good to hear from you again. Things ARE getting better, at least they (pretend to) are talking. And soon another heroic deal will be announced and people thank them for saving the nation again. I am heading out for the weekend, teaching kids science and sports. As this episode is drawing close, shall we start predicting when the next one will be?
Comment # 147
Hi, Whatsgoingon. From the looks of things it would appear that we’ll get to do this again in 6 weeks. I can’t wait! :O) Teaching kids science and sports? Sounds great. I bet you enjoy doing it, too. Have fun. I swear, the world must think we’re crazy. And they’d be right.
Comment # 148
@speaker2- when you have had as much time as this administration has had to get your website built, up and running and then you have the issues they have had, just imagine what a great job they are going to do for you with your health care. I can’t wait to see, can you? So are we looking for Oracle to oversee our healthcare now?
Comment # 149
Deja vu, all over again. Republicans puff up their chests, go to WH, cave and every American loses. Kick all the bums out.
Comment # 150
Speaker2 – If you want to break it down, they were social liberals, with far less hedonistic values than modern liberalism, and fiscal conservatives, putting equal value to social freedom and economic freedom.
Comment # 151
Jameson4lunch, modern liberalism = hedonistic values? That’s a good one, I tend to think most progressives are more social liberals.
Comment # 152
At Obama’s meeting with Senate Republicans, Sen. Susan Collins of Maine laid out a proposal to raise the debt limit until the end of January, reopen the government and take a slice out of the health care law. Interesting. But, no debt limit raise. I know why, and you know why. You don’t want to esplain, I get “it.” Under a proposal she and other GOP senators have been developing, a medical device tax that helps finance the health care law would be repealed, and millions of individuals eligible for subsidies to purchase health insurance under the program would be subject to stronger income verification. DRAMA! At the same time, federal agencies that have been affected by across-the-board cuts would gain greater flexibility in the use of their remaining funds. LMFAO! Any other items could be negotiated later. Well, since WE THE PEOPLE are the client and you are our representative, I guess the house that represents WE THE PEOPLE should decide negotiations. Back at the Capitol, Collins said Obama said the proposal “was constructive, but I don’t want to give the impression that he endorsed it.” YOU ALL JUST FIX IT! do not make me do it. For their part, House Republicans previewed a different approach in a late-night meeting Thursday with White House officials. The White House and Republicans have negotiated almost $4 trillion in deficit savings in the past three years. But little of that has come out of benefit programs such as Medicare and Medicaid, (GOOD, THIS SHOULD REPLACE INSURANCE SCAM) and the Republican proposals seemed an attempt to open up that part of the budget to scrutiny. (GOOD!) NOT NECESSARY!!! Obama has proposed raising the cost of Medicare for better-off seniors, a $50 billion item over a decade. He has also backed higher fees under TRICARE, which provides health care for nearly 10 million active-duty and retired military personnel, retirees, reservists and their families, as well as increases in the cost of retirement benefits for federal workers. After four years of trillion-dollar deficits, the 2013 federal budget shortfall is expected to register below $700 billion, but Republicans say more cuts are essential. At the same time, the nation’s debt is rising inexorably – the reason for the effort to raise THE DELUSIONAL borrowing limit to cover it. The debt was $10.6 trillion when Obama took office during the worst recession in decades, and has grown by $6.1 trillion in the years since. IF THE BANKS WERE WIPED OF THE FACE OF THE EARTH, would there be any of this debt?
Comment # 153
I’ve tried to keep all my posts positive, but since most of you don’t, I’ll respond, in-kind. I realize I’m number 153 in the lineup, but maybe somebody will read this. WhyMeLord wrote: I watched Ted Cruz make an absolute fool out of himself and the GOP today on CSpan. He is a disgrace to himself and this great country. That such an idiot is allowed to walk the earth a free man is crazy. VOTE TED CRUZ OUT OF OFFICE TODAY, AND SEND HIM AND HIS ILK TO GITMO. Wow really? I didn’t see C-Span, so I don’t know if he made a fool of himself or not. So really who is it, you? Or someone that, you approve of, from our government? That would deny him, as a free American, the right to walk the earth. AND SEND HIM AND HIS ILK TO GITMO. Yeah that’s going to happen. WhyMeLord, when you post stuff like this it just makes YOU look like the fool.
Comment # 154
malosi1040 wrote: Obama wants only one thing out of this…He wants to ram a sword through the hearts of Americans. As a backup plan, he wants to spend all the money he can that will benefit the Muslim Brotherhood which he, as the Muslim Anti-Christ, seeks to protect. Death to America. Death to America. Give him another Nobel Peace Prize. He earned it. C’mon, you’re such a poser. It’s completely obvious that you’re just a lefty, attempting to pose as someone positioned on the right, to make those on the right look bad.
Comment # 155
flashrooster wrote: Jameson4Lunch: The truth is that our Founders were split on how strong the federal government should be. And unlike modern libertarianism, they believed in government. They believed in themselves. They formed our government. They were our government. Wrong! Our founding fathers were trying to put together something that, among numerous other things, was JUST stronger than anarchy. Remember this was way back when there weren’t a lot of people here and everyone was spread out. Times were tough and conditions were dirty. But first and foremost INDIVIDUAL FREEDOM was the foundation, the cornerstone that was to be built upon. Remember they had just freed themselves, through war, from the tyranny of England. And now today, unfortunately, there are some who see tyranny beginning to develop here.
Comment # 156
4825 wrote: If Obama was smart he would go along with defunding the ACA. His administration can’t even run the ACA website so how does he expect to run the healthcare of millions of americans. John Stewart had it right when he indicated to Kathleen Sebielious that he could download every movie ever made before she could sign up for Obamacare. What a joke for our country. And again, as I’ve posted before, if REPUBLICANS were smart, looking at it in the long run, they’d let Obamacare run its course for a while. I don’t believe it’s going to take very long at all for so many of the people who are trying to sign up for Obamacare to find it very unpalatable. Even the best of the four choices they have to choose from carry scary-high monthly costs and a substantial exposure to out-of-pocket deductibles. And the worst of the four choices, the bronze plan, is exceptionally more frightening. So most of the people who would sign up for this thing will probably, at least in the initial years when the penalty is low, just not sign up and take the penalty. And what’s that going to do for one of the main sources of the part of the bill that’s supposed to fund the whole thing? But the main point that I’d like to make here, again, is that most of the people who are going to feel shell-shocked are the ones who voted for Obama. Now I know that the memory capacity of the American people is sadly short. But I do believe that those who will be shell-shocked, after perusing Obamacare, also tend to be uninformed, mostly unengaged, voters. So the question is, will these previously unengaged and uninformed voters, who now are faced was something forced upon them, that directly and specifically, and substantially, affects their pocketbook . . . . . Are they going to look back and remember, and say to themselves, “hey, this sucks, but you know what, I remember that it was the Republicans a while back who were trying to stop this from going into effect, maybe they were looking out for me after all, maybe I should vote for them”?
Comment # 157
4825 wrote: @speaker2- when you have had as much time as this administration has had to get your website built, up and running and then you have the issues they have had, just imagine what a great job they are going to do for you with your health care. I can’t wait to see, can you? So are we looking for Oracle to oversee our healthcare now? Apparently most of you don’t know that the ACA website, and all the tech behind it, was built and supported by a Canadian Company. Another example of U.S. money NOT being spent on U.S.companies and not benefiting or fostering U.S. jobs.
Comment # 158
benburned wrote: This “crisis” was created by the failure of partisan politicos to work collaboratively. This has been an ongoing dysfunctional situation since the Clinton era. Extremists from both parties shanghaiing the process to stand on principles that the majority of people would find untenable. Our country needs a Constitutional convention to revise the entire political landscape in DC. No more career politicians, no more influence pedaling, and above all two or three more viable political parties to represent the vast majority of our citizens, who I believe to be moderate. We now have two parties neither of which I would choose to register as being a member of. Grandstanding on principles while in the real world the financial markets dictate what really will come to pass. Both of these parties are playing citizens for fools while tap dancing with each other while there is real work to be done on critical issues affecting the future of this world. Washington is a cesspool and the biggest turds are those whose financial influence are the strings from which our pre-selected elected officials dangle as the stars in a perversely deceptive pantomime of no real meaning. Demand term limits, demand sane drawing of districts to eliminate non-representative extremists from having a disproportionate influence on the legislature. Make election outcomes not be simply determined by the amount of money raised. Kick corporate influence out of the election process. Brinksmanship is not the sign of a stable nation. Our elected officials seem to not be able to govern with any sense of stability, collaboration, or regard for the benefit/welfare of the majority of its citizens. It’s as though they here the siren call to head our ship of state into one dangerous reef after another with us the people to believe that they are not able to cooperate and steer a course that keeps us not only afloat but steadily making progress. So much resource, time, capital squandered for so little of substance. Deception rules the day and we have become a nation largely at odds with our governance yet paralyzed by how to change for the better for the common good. VERY well said. I consider your entire post extremely well written. And I specifically like: 1. Washington is a cesspool and the biggest turds are those whose financial influence are the strings from which our pre-selected elected officials dangle as the stars in a perversely deceptive pantomime of no real meaning. 2. Brinksmanship is not the sign of a stable nation. 3. It’s as though they here the siren call to head our ship of state into one dangerous reef after another with us the people to believe that they are not able to cooperate and steer a course that keeps us not only afloat but steadily making progress.
Comment # 159
flashrooster wrote: Rich_F: If you hadn’t allowed yourself to be blinded by your ideology and your hatred of Obama, you’d understand that the only people who think Obama is an embarrassment to America is your fellow rightwing zealots. The rest of this country and the rest of the world doesn’t think that way at all. Actually, the rest of the country and the world think it’s America’s radical conservatives who are embarrassing the United States, and that’s putting it mildly. It really goes much further than that. Most of the world can see that America’s conservatives are a pretty docile, poorly educated group that is easily led around by the nose and is so recklessly ideological that your existence is a detriment to the world’s economy and environment. I know it’s impossible to break through your ideological shell, but your belief doesn’t affect the facts: America’s conservatives are a minority that is strongly disrespected worldwide and most people throughout the world believe we and they would be better off if you guys just went away. Unfortunately, that’s not likely to happen and so your unintellectual, reckless behavior will have a detrimental impact on this country and the world and all Americans will be judged harshly because of your actions. People around the world can’t believe that the US Republicans would be willing to shut down the government and force us to default just to prevent all Americans from having access to affordable healthcare, something the rest of the developed world has. Yes, they think you’re nuts. So go ahead and continue you invidious rants against our President. It looks particularly ridiculous coming on the heels of the Republican President George W. Bush tenure, a US President that all the world is very familiar with. Really. Obama’s grossly mishandled fumbling of the whole situation with Syria, just a few weeks back, . . . . . Only saved by an errant and offhand response (to a reporter’s question) by the secretary of state that was picked-up and run-with by the Russians (who came up with a solution that inconveniently stayed the president from proceeding with an action that was supported by almost no one). The whole world certainly looks upon that as an Obama embarrassment “to America”. Not just “rightwing zealots”. It doesn’t take anyone with ideology or hatred to come to that conclusion. A fifth grader would come to that conclusion with his eyes closed. And as for your remark, concerning conservatives as being “pretty docile, poorly educated group that is easily led around by the nose” it is mostly conservatives who head the biggest and largest, and most profitable companies and corporations around the world. It’s also well established that as people grow older, and wiser, they tend to become more conservative in their views ie, “if we’re going to pay our bills and live within our means then we need to not spend more than we bring in”. duh. Pretty basic. Rather unfortunate that it’s something beyond your comprehension. Consistently, when on-the-street-interviews are conducted posing, what would be considered by you, conservative questions, respondents answering those questions, again consistently, give conservative answers. And are surprised to find, in retrospect, that even though they would consider themselves liberals or democrats their answers expose them to be more conservative than liberal in their views. And it certainly makes sense. So I’m not going to waste my time schooling you on what are common sense conservative positions. Especially since I believe, as do most others who read your posts, that you’re just a shill for the left. After all, by the sheer volume and frequency of your posts, it seems obvious that you have turned this into a fulltime job. The last two things that I will respond to concerning your post are these: 1. It may take awhile, but I believe that, not just you, but everyone will soon conclude that Obamacare is NOT affordable. 2. The rampant spending, and subsequent addition to the U.S. debt, by President Bush, was not only bad, and deleterious, but was also, to a lesser degree, and of a smaller fraction, as bad as, the even more deleterious addition to the U.S. debt that has occurred under Obama.
Comment # 160
Des3Maisons wrote: loch wrote: The affordable health care act is unsustainable and should be taken out completely along with most of the entitlement programs that allow the leaches to drain the life blood of this once great nation the united states. What loch and his fellow Republicans never mention is the corporate leeches that drain the life blood of the U.S. They never say that corporate welfare should be cut off. General Electric, one of the richest corporations in the world, doesn’t pay a dime in taxes and they get government subsidies on top of it. What the Republicans don’t mention is that they want to take money away from the poor and middle class and transfer that wealth to the rich and big business. They want two classes of people in this country, the working poor and the rich. The Republicans are a party of, by and for the rich and of, by and for Corporate America. Yeah, what a joke is your post. What you fail to mention, or maybe you don’t even know, is that the head of General Electric is actually an adviser to Barak Obama.
Comment # 161
AlkalineState wrote: “GOP in final negotiations on ending failed tea party shutdown” Vows it will not budge until Obama is baptized in a clan church and ‘birth certificate issue’ is resolved. Newsflash. Democrats won’t negotiate until republicans admit 911 was an inside job.
Comment # 162
yogahelps2 wrote: Benburned, your post makes a lot of sense, except for: “This Extremists from both parties shanghaiing the process to stand on principles that the majority of people would find untenable.” Precisely which DEM principles do the MAJORITY of Americans find untenable? I cannot think of one. otoh, I can list many for the GOP: 1) unlimited donations to political candidates = free speech; 2) guns for all, sane or not = freedom; 3) you have to bear those babies even if you cannot support them = individual responsibility; 4) our gov’t should declare sodomy a crime, even that between married couples = separation of church and state; 5) the lords’ stealing from the vassals = progress; 6) the blacks stealing from the whites = reason to stop and search every minority for any reason….I could go on for hours. 1. “unlimited donations to political candidates = free speech”. The democrats endorse this wholeheartedly. And even more so. Who do all the unions contribute to? 2. “guns for all, sane or not = freedom”. It is the main position of conservatives that much more should be done, in regards to input from states to the background check database, concerning those who are insane, or are mentally deficient. But the democrats consistently stand in the way and block this. The democrats only, or at least their leadership, only want to talk about restricting firearms from law abiding citizens. They never want to discuss the fact that the vast majority of mass murders, by firearms, that crop up from time to time are performed by wacko nuts jobs. As evidenced by the last five for six cases. 3. “You have to bear those babies even if you cannot support them = individual responsibility”. What can be said concerning number three from above? I think yogahelps2 meant to say that if you get pregnant the “extremists” that in his view would be “conservatives” consider it an individual responsibility to deliver your baby. I believe that the VAST majority of Americans would find it COMPLETELY UNTENABLE that you should kill your child just because you can’t support it. There is such a thing as adoption. There are many women who cry daily in response to their lack of success in conceiving a child. 4. “Our gov’t should declare sodomy a crime, even that between married couples = separation of church and state” I don’t have a clue as to what the hell yogahelps2 is trying to say concerning number four. If you want to sodomize each other, whether you’re married or not, I haven’t a clue as to what that has to do with separation of church and state. I don’t believe it is any longer illegal in any state. Although it might be in one or two southern states. But I do absolutely think that it would be quite entertaining to watch yogahelps2 do house to house interviews of residents to determine their views as to whether sodomy is or is not “tenable”. 5. “The lords’ stealing from the vassals = progress” The only lords’ that I can ascertain that we have are all the rules and regulations that we’re held to and are lorded over us by the government. So I guess he means, that the stealing from “the vassals” is our government taking our money in the form of taxes. 6. “The blacks stealing from the whites = reason to stop and search every minority for any reason”. First off there are more Hispanics, as a minority, then there are blacks. Secondly, it’s ridiculous to entertain the notion that ALL minorities are stopped and searched, for any reason. Thirdly, only to entertain yogahelps2’s bogus premise, and I’m not picking on blacks particularly because whites steal too, I think that most of the thefts perpetrated by blacks are perpetrated upon other blacks.
Comment # 163
flashrooster wrote: (in regards to gerrymandering) I acknowledge that the Democrats do it too. I don’t care. Unlike most conservatives, my position isn’t based on whatever promotes the Democratic Party. My position is whatever promotes the best interests of the majority of Americans. Gerrymandering does not do that. I think you protest too much, which tells me your position is based on partisan politics. Mine is not. Bwa ha ha ha ha ha ha. I took this paragraph out of your post because it was the most hilariously funny. For you to say that your position is not partisan has got to be the funniest thing I’ve seen all week. Ah flashrooster, a shining beacon of a SHILL. Cbj writes correctly concerning you. Whether you are fast at typing or not doesn’t matter. From observing your exceedingly numerous posts to almost all of the articles on Reuters, I think it’s obvious to all that you’ve made posting here a fulltime job. Or perhaps you’re on the payroll of some far-left fringe group. Or maybe even you work for the current U.S. Administration. So I just wonder, do full Health Care benefits come with your job?
Comment # 164
cbj wrote: Those that wish to see this as an issue of one party being unbearably intransigent fail to understand that while it may be the one particular party this time it will simply be the other party next time. The disenfranchised has no other option than to use whatever tools are handy in order to get its way and the stronger feels justified in using its power by the virtue of having power to stop such from happening. Today it is the one (doesn’t matter which one) tomorrow it will be the other. One side cries about gerrymandering and then uses the very same tool when they have it in their arsenal once they are in power. Otherwise the ‘lines’ would never change. To blame ‘special interest money’ while accepting ‘special interest money’ isn’t just disingenuous it is absurd. What is a union other than a ‘special interest’? Just because it’s YOUR doesn’t make it less ‘special’. Corporate America usually makes contributions to BOTH parties, Unions to only one. So to blame ‘big business’ is just another lie you tell yourself. Think I’m lying? Here are just a few examples. Honeywell Intl. (43% to Democrats, 57% to Republicans) American Federation of Teachers (100% to Democrats, 0% to Republicans) Northrop Grumman (35% to Democrats, 65% to Republicans) Intl Brotherhood of Electrical Workers (99% to Democrats, 1% to Republicans) In general Lawyers and lobbyists have spent $25,655,939 with about two thirds to Democrats and one third to Republicans. Look at 527 contributions. http://www.opensecrets.org/527s/527contribs.php So, the idea that ‘big’ money’, ‘special’ interests’ etc. drive this situation is hiding from the fact that only 57.7% even bothered to vote. No, I am not contesting the vote but rather pointing out that only 30% of the public actually voted for him and yet is seems that 100% are complaining one way or the other. I have nothing against Pres. Obama that I wouldn’t have against any other politician. He is no better or worse than any of them. The fact is that you cannot expect a public that doesn’t vote to express the will of the people. That they ‘shoot themselves in the foot’ by not voting is immaterial if one expects a consensus. It could go either way. Do so many not vote because they are so unsatisfied with the government? Or do so many not vote because they are so satisfied with the government? The fact is that it is this not voting that is the problem. It is not that the government has been taken from the people but that the public would rather not have their TV time disturbed and have abandoned their civic duty of not just voting but of being truly INFORMED and then voting. I’d still rather no government at all but as that is unlikely I’d like voters to at least be capable of actual thinking beyond the emotional soundbytes. 1. Excellent post 2. Many don’t vote because they don’t register to vote. And the reason they don’t register to vote is because if they do register then they will likely be called upon for jury duty at some point. And they don’t want to be inconvenienced with that. 3. And as far as any member of the voting public who is not informed, and has absolutely no clue of the positions of the candidates I would prefer stay home and not vote.
Comment # 165
Speaker2 wrote: GCF1965 wrote “Liberalism is a disease and killing the host which is my country”. That’s a funny statement considering Washington, Jefferson, Adams and the rest of the founders were the liberals of their day. The Republican Party at its founding was liberal. Lincoln would have been a democrat today. By that rational the democrats of the 1960’s would be Republicans today.
Comment # 166
cbj wrote: @flashrooster, Do you have a reading comprehension problem? Please point out where I have excused either party? I EXPRESSLY pointed out that it is an inherent flaw in a system built on an either/or premise. Much like the discovery of the Atom Bomb, the Genie cannot be corked up again. This tactic will be revisited by either side and will become just another political ploy to be used by one side or the other. Had you been capable of any sort of non-partisan thinking you would have been able to grasp that point but no . . . you can only see things through your agenda driven filter. My point is that the problem is that the public mass, the ruck of humanity would rather eat Cheetos, watch American Voice Dance Idol Survival Challenge and complain about how the government is being taken from them. They left it in the mall when something bright and sparkly passed their eye and ran towards the promises of candy cane wishes and gumdrop dreams. In short, the public abandoned their watch. They left government slip the chain and trust me our government was meant to be fettered. We don’t have NSA problems, undeclared war problems, budget problems etc. because ‘outside’ forces have corrupted government. Government itself is the corrupting influence. My point is that we let them get away with it and that either side will get up to ‘dirty tricks’ regardless of political flavor. It is the allure of power. But you will not see this because you WANT power . . . but only for your side. You really are myopic. cbj, the above post is, in my opinion, one of the best posts that I have read in months. Succinct, crisp, and to the point. Very well written. I especially like these two sentences; ‘My point is that the problem is that the public mass, the ruck of humanity would rather eat Cheetos, watch American Voice Dance Idol Survival Challenge and complain about how the government is being taken from them. They left it in the mall when something bright and sparkly passed their eye and ran towards the promises of candy cane wishes and gumdrop dreams”. I also appreciate any time anyone helps to draw focus upon the SHILL POSER that is flashrooster.
Comment # 167
@Lemming So you think Sean Trende and Nate Silver is “tin-foil hat material”?. This say’s a lot about how far to the left you are. Add “unhinged left wing” to “lemming” and you’re good to go.
